EVERYBODY?
SHH, SHH.
CENTRAL PERK IS
PROUD TO PRESENT
THE MUSIC OF MISS
PHOEBE BUFFAY!
HI. I WANT TO START WITH A SONG
THAT'S ABOUT THAT MOMENT
WHEN YOU SUDDENLY REALIZE
WHAT LIFE IS REALLY ALL ABOUT.
OKAY. HERE WE GO.
OKAY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WHAT THE..?
OH, GREAT.
THIS IS JUST...
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
WOW, THIS IS SO COOL.
THE ENTIRE CITY
IS BLACKED OUT.
MOM SAYS IT'S ALL OF MANHATTAN,
PARTS OF BROOKLYN AND QUEENS,
AND THEY HAVE NO IDEA
WHEN IT'S
COMING BACK ON.
WOW.
YOU GUYS, THIS IS BIG.
PANTS AND A SWEATER?
WHY, MOM?
WHO AM I GOING TO MEET
IN A BLACKOUT--
POWER COMPANY GUYS?
ELIGIBLE LOOTERS?
CAN WE TALK ABOUT THIS LATER?
OKAY.
CAN I BORROW THE PHONE?
I WANT TO CALL
MY APARTMENT
AND CHECK ON MY GRANDMA.
SURE.
WHAT'S MY NUMBER?
WELL, I NEVER CALL ME.
OH, MY GOD.
IT'S HER.
IT'S THAT
VICTORIA'S SECRET MODEL--
SOMETHING "GOODACRE."
HI, MOM. IT'S JILL.
SHE'S RIGHT. IT'S JILL,
JILL GOODACRE.
OH, MY GOD.
I AM TRAPPED
IN AN A.T.M. VESTIBULE
WITH JILL GOODACRE.
IS IT A VESTIBULE?
MAYBE IT'S AN ATRIUM.
YEAH. THAT IS THE PART
TO FOCUS ON, YOU IDIOT.
YEAH, I'M FINE.
I'M STUCK AT THE BANK
IN AN A.T.M. VESTIBULE.
JILL SAYS "VESTIBULE."
I'M GOING WITH "VESTIBULE."
I'M FINE.
NO, I'M NOT ALONE.
I DON'T KNOW.
SOME GUY.
OH! "SOME GUY."
I AM "SOME GUY."
"HEY, JILL, I SAW YOU
WITH SOME GUY LAST NIGHT.
YES. HE WAS SOME GUY."
HI, EVERYONE.
AND OFFICIATING
AT TONIGHT'S BLACKOUT
IS RABBI TRIBBIANI.
WELL, CHANDLER'S
OLD ROOMMATE WAS JEWISH,
AND THESE ARE
OUR ONLY CANDLES.
SO, HAPPY HANUKKAH, EVERYONE.
EWW, LOOK.
UGLY NAKED GUY
LIT A BUNCH OF CANDLES.
OOH...
All:
OOH!
OH, THAT HAD TO HURT!
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
IT'S BEEN 14 1/2 MINUTES
AND YOU STILL HAVE
NOT SAID ONE WORD.
OH, GOD. DO SOMETHING.
JUST MAKE CONTACT. SMILE.
THERE YOU GO.
YOU'RE DEFINITELY SCARING HER.
UH, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO CALL SOMEBODY?
YEAH. ABOUT 300 GUYS
I WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL WITH.
YEAH, THANKS.
( ringing )
HELLO.
HEY, IT'S ME.
IT'S CHANDLER.
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
( mumbling ):
I'M STUCK IN AN A.T.M. VESTIBULE
WITH JILL GOODACRE.
WHAT?!
( mumbling ):
I'M STUCK IN AN A.T.M. VESTIBULE
WITH JILL GOODACRE.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU SAID.
PUT JOEY ON THE PHONE.
WHAT'S UP, MAN?
( mumbling ):
I'M STUCK...
IN AN A.T.M. VESTIBULE
WITH JILL GOODACRE.
OH, MY GOD!
HE'S TRAPPED
IN AN A.T.M. VESTIBULE
WITH JILL GOODACRE!
CHANDLER,
LISTEN, LISTEN!
( mumbling )
YEAH, LIKE THAT THOUGHT
NEVER ENTERED MY MIND.
Rachel:
OKAY, SOMEBODY, SOMEBODY.
I'LL GO, I'LL GO.
SENIOR YEAR OF COLLEGE
ON A POOL TABLE.
POOL TABLE!
OOH-HOO!
THAT'S MY SISTER.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
MY WEIRDEST PLACE
WOULD HAVE TO BE...
THE WOMEN'S ROOM
ON THE SECOND FLOOR
OF THE NEW YORK CITY
PUBLIC LIBRARY.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING
IN A LIBRARY?
HEY, PHEEBS,
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
OH, UM, MILWAUKEE.
UM, ROSS?
DISNEYLAND, 1989--
"IT'S A SMALL WORLD
AFTER ALL."
NO WAY.
YEAH, THE RIDE
BROKE DOWN
SO CAROL AND I WENT
BEHIND A COUPLE
OF THOSE MECHANICAL
DUTCH CHILDREN.
THEY FIXED THE RIDE
AND WE WERE ASKED
NEVER TO RETURN
TO THE MAGIC KINGDOM.
OOH, RACHEL?
COME ON,
I ALREADY WENT.
YOU DID NOT.
YES, I DID.
COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, UH...
THE WEIRDEST PLACE
WOULD HAVE TO BE
OH... THE FOOT
OF THE BED.
STEP BACK.
WE HAVE A WINNER.
I'VE NEVER HAD
A RELATIONSHIP
WITH THAT KIND
OF PASSION
WHERE YOU HAVE TO HAVE SOMEBODY
RIGHT THERE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A THEME PARK.
WELL, IT WAS THE ONLY THING
TO DO THERE
THAT DIDN'T HAVE A LINE.
WELL, SEE? BARRY
WOULDN'T EVEN KISS ME
ON A MINIATURE GOLF COURSE.
COME ON.
NO.
HE SAID WE WERE HOLDING UP
THE PEOPLE BEHIND US.
AND YOU DIDN'T
MARRY HIM BECAUSE...
DO YOU THINK THERE ARE
PEOPLE THAT GO THROUGH LIFE
NEVER HAVING THAT KIND OF..?
PROBABLY.
REALLY?
BUT I'LL TELL YOU SOMETHING--
PASSION IS WAY OVERRATED.
YEAH, RIGHT.
IT IS. EVENTUALLY,
IT KIND OF BURNS OUT
BUT, HOPEFULLY
WHAT YOU'RE LEFT WITH
IS TRUST AND SECURITY
AND, WELL, IN THE CASE
OF MY EX-WIFE,
LESBIANISM.
SO FOR ALL THOSE WHO MISS OUT
ON THAT PASSION THING
THERE'S ALL THAT
OTHER GOOD STUFF.
OKAY.
BUT I DON'T THINK
THAT WILL BE YOU.
YOU DON'T?
HMM.
SEE, I SEE, UH... BIG
PASSION IN YOUR FUTURE.
REALLY?
MM-HMM.
YOU DO?
I DO.
OH, ROSS,
YOU'RE SO GREAT.
IT'S NEVER
GOING TO HAPPEN.
WHAT?
YOU AND RACHEL.
WHA... ME AND RA...
WHA..?
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE YOU WAITED TOO LONG
TO MAKE YOUR MOVE
AND NOW YOU'RE IN
"THE FRIEND ZONE."
NO, NO, NO,
I'M NOT IN THE ZONE.
NO. ROSS,
YOU'RE MAYOR OF THE ZONE.
LOOK, I'M TAKING MY TIME,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M LAYING THE GROUNDWORK.
YEAH, EVERY DAY, I GET
JUST A LITTLE BIT CLOSER TO...
PRIESTHOOD.
ROSS, I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE HAS NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
IF YOU DON'T
ASK HER OUT SOON
YOU'LL END UP STUCK
IN THE ZONE FOREVER.
I WILL, I WILL.
I'M JUST... SEE, I'M
WAITING FOR THE, UH...
THE RIGHT MOMENT.
( sighs )
WHAT?
WHAT? NOW?
DUH..!
WHAT'S MESSING YOU UP?
THE WINE, THE CANDLES,
THE MOONLIGHT, HUH?
JUST GO UP TO HER
AND SAY, "LOOK, RACHEL..."
SHH-SHH-SHH!
WHAT ARE WE
SHUSHING?
WE'RE SHUSHING BECAUSE...
WE'RE TRYING TO HEAR SOMETHING.
WHAT?
SHH.
DON'T YOU HEAR THAT?
AHH!
SEE?
WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME GUM?
OH, IS IT SUGARLESS?
NO. SORRY, IT'S NOT.
THEN, NO THANKS.
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?
IF JILL GOODACRE OFFERS YOU GUM,
YOU TAKE IT.
IF SHE OFFERS YOU MANGLED
ANIMAL CARCASS, YOU TAKE IT.
Phoebe:
♪ NEW YORK CITY HAS NO POWER ♪
♪ AND THE MILK IS GETTING SOUR ♪
♪ BUT TO ME IT IS NOT SCARY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I STAY AWAY
FROM DAIRY... ♪
♪ LA-LA LA-LA-LA-LA-LA... ♪
OKAY, HERE GOES.
YOU GONNA DO IT?
I'M GONNA DO IT.
WANT ME TO HELP?
YOU COME OUT THERE
YOU'RE A DEAD MAN.
ROSS...
GOOD LUCK, MAN.
THANKS.
OKAY.
WHERE YOU GOING?
OUTSIDE.
YOU CAN'T GO OUT THERE.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE OF, UH... THE REASON.
AND THAT WOULD BE?
I, UH... I CAN'T TELL YOU.
JOEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
OKAY, LISTEN,
YOU GOT TO PROMISE
YOU'LL NEVER, EVER TELL
ROSS THAT I TOLD YOU.
ABOUT WHAT?
HE'S PLANNING
YOUR BIRTHDAY PARTY.
OH, MY GOD, I LOVE HIM.
AND YOU BETTER
ACT SURPRISED.
ABOUT WHAT?
MY SURPRISE PARTY.
WHAT SURPRISE PARTY?
OH, STOP IT.
JOEY ALREADY TOLD ME.
WELL, HE DIDN'T TELL ME.
HEY, DON'T LOOK AT ME.
THIS IS ROSS'S THING.
THIS IS SO TYPICAL.
I'M THE LAST ONE
TO KNOW EVERYTHING.
YOU ARE NOT.
WE TELL YOU STUFF.
YUH-HUH.
I WAS THE LAST TO KNOW
WHEN CHANDLER GOT BIT
BY THE PEACOCK AT THE ZOO.
LAST TO KNOW
YOU HAD A CRUSH
ON JOEY
WHEN HE WAS
MOVING IN.
WHAT?
OH, LOOKS LIKE
I WAS SECOND TO LAST.
MMM, SO NICE.
MM.
HEY, I HAVE A QUESTION.
WELL, ACTUALLY, IT'S NOT
SO MUCH A QUESTION
AS MORE OF A GENERAL
WONDERING... MENT.
OKAY.
UH, HERE GOES.
UM, WELL, FOR A WHILE NOW,
I'VE BEEN WANTING TO, UM...
OH...
YES, YES.
OH, WOOK AT
THE WIDDLE KITTY.
WHAT?
( yells )
♪ ...TOP OF THE WORLD
LOOKING ♪
♪ DOWN ON CREATION ♪
♪ AND THE ONLY EXPLANATION
I CAN FIND ♪
♪ IS THE LOVE THAT I'VE FOUND ♪
♪ EVER SINCE YOU'VE
BEEN AROUND... ♪
THIS IS
JUST BACTINE.
IT WON'T HURT.
OW, OW.
SORRY. THAT
WAS WAX.
THIS POOR
LITTLE TOOTY
IS SCARED TO DEATH.
WE SHOULD FIND
HIS OWNER.
LET'S PUT THE POOR
LITTLE TOOTY IN THE HALL.
DURING A BLACKOUT?
SHE'LL GET TRAMPLED.
YEAH..?
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
GUM WOULD BE PERFECTION.
"GUM WOULD BE PERFECTION"?
"GUM WOULD BE PERFECTION."
COULD HAVE SAID,
"GUM WOULD BE NICE."
"I'LL HAVE A STICK."
BUT NO, NO, NO, NO,
FOR ME GUM IS PERFECTION.
I LOATHE MYSELF.
OH, NO. THE MELLMANS.
THEY HATE
ALL LIVING THINGS.
( sighs )
HI. WE JUST
FOUND THIS CAT.
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR THE OWNER.
UM, YEAH, IT'S,
UH, IT'S MINE.
IT SEEMS
TO HATE YOU.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH. GIVE ME MY CAT.
WELL, WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT'S HIS NAME?
UM, BU-- BUTTONS.
BOB BUTTONS?
UH-HUH. BOB BUTTONS.
OHH!
YOU ARE A
VERY BAD MAN.
YOU OWE ME A CAT.
HERE, KITTY,
KITTY, KITTY.
HERE, KITTY, KITTY.
WHERE DID YOU GO, LITTLE
KITTY, KITTY, KITTY?
( making kissing noises )
KITTY, KITTY, KITTY.
COME HERE, KITTY,
KITTY, KITTY, KITTY
KITTY... KITTY...
KITTY...
HI.
BENE SERA.
OH, WOW.
COME ON,
LUCKY SIXES.
EVERYBODY?
THIS IS PAOLO.
PAOLO, I WANT YOU
TO MEET MY FRIENDS.
THIS IS MONICA.
HI.
AND JOEY.
AND ROSS.
HI.
( speaking Italian )
HE DOESN'T SPEAK
MUCH ENGLISH.
MONOPOLY.
( laughing )
LOOK AT THAT.
SO, UH...
WHERE DID, UH,
PAOLO COME FROM?
UH, ITALY, I THINK.
NO, I MEAN TONIGHT,
IN THE BUILDING...
SUDDENLY INTO OUR LIVES.
WELL, THAT CAT.
THE CAT TURNED OUT
TO BE PAOLO'S CAT.
ISN'T THAT FUNNY?
HA!
THAT-- THAT IS FUNNY
AND RACHEL
KEEPS TOUCHING HIM.
I LOOKED ALL OVER THE BUILDING
AND I COULDN'T FIND
THE KITTY ANYWHERE.
I FOUND HIM.
IT WAS PAOLO'S CAT.
AH, WELL, THERE YOU GO--
LAST TO KNOW AGAIN.
AND I'M GUESSING
SINCE NOBODY TOLD ME
THIS IS PAOLO.
OH, PAOLO.
THIS IS PHOEBE.
HI.
( speaking Italian )
YOU BETCHA.
ALL RIGHT, OKAY.
WHAT NEXT?
BLOW A BUBBLE.
A BUBBLE'S GOOD.
IT'S GOT A BOYISH CHARM.
IT'S IMPISH.
HERE WE GO.
NICE GOING, IMP.
OKAY, IT'S OKAY.
ALL I NEED TO DO IS
REACH OVER AND PUT IT BACK
IN MY MOUTH.
GOOD SAVE.
WE'RE BACK ON TRACK, AND I'M...
CHEWING SOMEONE ELSE'S GUM.
GOD! OH, THIS IS NOT MY GUM!
OH, MY GOD! OH, MY GOD!
AND NOW YOU'RE CHOKING.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
OH, MY GOD,
YOU'RE CHOKING!
( groaning )
BETTER?
YES.
THANK YOU.
THAT WAS...
PERFECTION?
( speaking Italian )
BLAH-BLAH-BLAH-
BLAH-BLAH.
BLAH-BLAH-BLAH.
BL-BL-BL-BL-BLAH.
HEY, WHAT DID HE SAY
THAT WAS SO FUNNY?
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA.
THAT'S, THAT'S CLASSIC.
MY GOD, YOU GUYS,
WHAT AM I DOING?
THIS IS SO UN-ME.
IF YOU WANT,
I'LL DO IT.
I KNOW.
I JUST WANT TO BITE
HIS BOTTOM LIP.
BUT I WON'T.
WHEN HE FIRST SMILED
THOSE THREE SECONDS
WERE MORE EXCITING
THAN THREE WEEKS
IN BERMUDA WITH BARRY.
DID YOU RENT MOPEDS?
'CAUSE I'VE HEARD...
IT'S NOT ABOUT THAT
RIGHT NOW. OKAY.
I KNOW IT'S TOTALLY SUPERFICIAL
AND WE HAVE NOTHING IN COMMON
AND WE DON'T EVEN SPEAK
THE SAME LANGUAGE
BUT, GOD!
PAOLO, HI.
ROSS.
LISTEN, UH...
LISTEN, UM, SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
UH, RACHEL AND I ARE...
WE'RE KIND OF A...
KIND OF A THING.
THING?
THING. YES, THING.
YOU HAVE THE SEX.
NO.
NO, NO, UM...
TECHNICALLY THE, THE
SEX IS NOT BEING HAD
BUT THAT'S, UH...
SEE, BUT THAT'S
NOT THE POINT.
SEE, UM,
THE POINT IS, UH...
WELL, RACHEL AND I
SHOULD BE, UH...
WELL, RACHEL AND I SHOULD
BE TOGETHER, YOU KNOW?
AND IF YOU GET
IN THE, UM...
IN BED.
NO.
( laughs )
NO, NOT WHERE I WAS GOING.
UH, IF YOU GET IN THE WAY...
WAY OF US BECOMING A THING
THEN, UH, I WOULD BE,
WELL, VERY SAD.
OH, OH.
SO DO YOU, UM...
CEVICHE?
SI, SI.
SI?
SI.
OKAY.
SO YOU, UH... YOU DO
KNOW A LITTLE ENGLISH.
POCO. LITTLE.
DO YOU KNOW THE WORD
"CRAPWEASEL"?
NO.
NO? THAT'S FUNNY
'CAUSE YOU ARE
A HUGE CRAPWEASEL.
GRAZIE.
CHANDLER, WE'VE BEEN
DOING THIS FOR AN HOUR.
NOW WATCH.
OKAY.
READY?
MM-HMM.
OKAY, NOW TRY IT.
NO, WHIP IT.
OH, LOOK, LOOK, LOOK, LOOK.
THE LAST CANDLE'S
ABOUT TO BURN OUT.
TEN, NINE
EIGHT, SEVEN...
MINUS 46,
MINUS 47
MINUS 48...
( blowing )
Ross: THANK YOU.
Monica: THANKS.
Ross:
KIND OF SPOOKY
WITHOUT ANY LIGHTS.
Joey:
MWAAAHH!
HA-HA-HA!
Monica:
MWAAAHH!
HA-HA-HA!
Ross:
GUYS, GUYS, I HAVE
THE DEFINITIVE ONE.
BWAAAAA!
HA-HA..!
( groaning )
UH, ROSS,
THIS PROBABLY
ISN'T THE BEST TIME
TO BRING IT UP
BUT YOU HAVE TO THROW
A PARTY FOR MONICA.
WELL, THIS HAS BEEN FUN.
YES, AND THANKS FOR
LETTING ME USE YOUR PHONE
AND FOR SAVING MY LIFE.
WELL, GOOD-BYE, CHANDLER.
I HAD A GREAT BLACKOUT.
SEE YA.
HI.
I'M ACCOUNT NUMBER 7143457
AND I DON'T KNOW IF
YOU GOT ANY OF THAT
BUT I WOULD REALLY LIKE
A COPY OF THE TAPE.